hi guys silence is yo12 and I'm sorry I
look like shit as always um I'm really
stick and I stayed home today but all my
new books came in the mail today so this
is kind of just showing you guys what I
got they're all from body jewelry source
com and I will give you my little code
it is bj as spur for fifteen percent off
of your purchase so I like three of
those code cards so I'm pretty sure you
can use a multiple-time which is awesome
alright first off these are my let me
think okay organic gearhead wooden plugs
with abalone um ears Eric oh honey shell
inlay they look like this they're really
huge outer flare whoa that's my get a
really big outer flare they're really
light like they're so like convertible
stone plugs I'm used to wearing um the
design is really beautiful again I'm on
my computer cameras and I can't really
see very well and then the second pair I
got are these organic wood or no bone
and horn inlay they're called organic
camping plugs with Rose inlay it look
like that yeah well my nails look great
um these are all in three fourths by the
way although they look kind of different
in size and which is 19 millers
millimeters so the gear heads were 389
for the scent and then the organic
camping with rose in labor 699
for the set next up is my organic double
flare solid Jade ear plugs which were
ten dollars total and they look like
this the the wearable area is really
tiny and I have thought lobes so I don't
know hold on i'm kind of you know oh
they feel good though there's so night
so yeah my ear like he's almost too fat
for them but they do look awesome in
wait here so and they go really really
good so that is lowes um next there's
that paper again is my organic and his
own aight ear plugs and they were to 21
because they were on special for both of
them so it's to 21 total as you can see
with all organics don't play plugs
they're gonna be different in color and
this one is a lot darker than this one
but again with the smaller flare I'm not
used to that then last but not least is
my organic tiger eye stone ear plugs and
they were 222 for the side of them
because they were also unspecial and I
think these look up amazing like that's
just beautiful and they have a small
flare as well so um yeah that was my
shipment I'll put a link to bought a
racehorse found below um it took about
five days for one order to come in three
for the other um they sent me a sticker
three fifteen percent off codes
and three sets of alcohol swabs because
they were all different orders yeah I
will link the body jewelry source com in
the down bar and the fifteen percent off
code will be in the down bar as well as
well the links to my tumblr and if you
and whatever and they will be big or
there'll be pictures at the end of this
video of what the plugs look like so you
can see them in a little bit better
detail all right love you all see you
later around cats
you